Git Lab Tutorials: 10/20/2024
GitHub Account Setup: January 2023

1) E:\JonWhelanAssignment3>git commit
On branch master
Your branch is ahead of 'origin/master' by 1 commit.
  (use "git push" to publish your local commits)

Untracked files:
  (use "git add <file>..." to include in what will be committed)
        docs/

nothing added to commit but untracked files present (use "git add" to track)

E:\JonWhelanAssignment3>git add docs

E:\JonWhelanAssignment3>git commit
hint: Waiting for your editor to close the file... unix2dos: converting file E:/JonWhelanAssignment3/.git/COMMIT_EDITMSG to DOS format...
dos2unix: converting file E:/JonWhelanAssignment3/.git/COMMIT_EDITMSG to Unix format...
[master d6feca6] Add status.txt document
 1 file changed, 6 insertions(+)
 create mode 100644 docs/status.txt

2) There have been 9 commits done to the repository overall.
The command I used was git rev-list --count --all

3) The readme file was last modified on 10/21/2024 at 12:44:47.
The command I used was git log -1 --pretty="format:%ci" README.md

4) Branches provide security and the ability to fall back on a functioning
version of your software if you mess something up. Additionally, they allow
multiple group members to work on different features without affecting each
other, and then they can merge them back into main one at a time.

5) The status command shows you the working directory and a staged snapshot
of the git, while the log command shows you the history of all commits in
the git.

6) Use git log --follow Vehicle.h

7) Use git log --grep="file"

8) In the context of object-oriented programming...
	I) Inheritance is when a class inherits properties from another class.
	   For instance, the bicycle class inherits some functions and data
	   from the vehicle class.
	II) Polymorphism allows a class, particularly if its a child class,
	    to behave differently depending on the situation. For instance,
	    if creating an array of vehicles, you can include bicycles and cars
	    in it, because they are treated as vehicles. When you call a member
	    function though, they are treated as a bicycle or car respectively.
	III) Encapsulation is just how classes are designed. They consist
	     of data/variables bundled with functions that act on the data.
	     It's called encapsulation because the two are encapsulated in
	     a single definition

9) The dictator/lieutenants workflow has intermediary lieutenant repositories,
while the integration manager doesn't. The integration manager manually handles
integrating every individual developer's public repository into the blessed one,
while the dictator has lieutenants that integrate a select few developers' changes
before the dictator integrates the lieutenants' changes into the blessed repository.

10) A team of 100 devs is quite large, so having each dev integrate their own
code independently in the centralized workflow could be disastrous; one dev
updates master, forcing the others to rework their code around it. If that
happens too many times, it'll drastically increase development time. By having
a couple lieutenants integrate the code for a group of developers, it reduces
the amount of conflicts that occur, and therefore reduces development time